+++ 
draft = true
date = 2020-05-18T21:39:01+05:30
title = "Dear Sam..."
description = "Everybody needs a Sam."
slug = "" 
tags = ["personal","writing"]
categories = ["personal","fiction"]
externalLink = ""
series = []
+++

*And when the credits rolled, I felt a bit empty...*


So in life... Why isn't it like that? You fight and tire out and earn something, but it's not a happily ever after. I don't even want a happily ever after. I just want an away from all noise. Why isn't it like that? Why is peace a one of fantasy? And love.


As time passes, it seems like we've all made things incredibly complicated for ourselves. And it just feels so... Stupid.


I dread fighting an obstacle not because I am scared of the pain I've to go through. I dread because I really don't enjoy the calm that happens after that... It just means another storm is coming. I wonder if there ever will be a time when my brain can actually not think of anything gloomy for like 15 minutes... I don't know if I can ever get peace. Like ever.


When I see people in love, the normal ones... They seem to live so much in the moment. My biggest fear is that I've dreamed a lot about enjoying the company of love and a woman. But when it actually happens, what if, I don't really live in that moment and instead think about something distant and gloomy? And totally ruin love for both of us...? I'll totally be grateful as fuck if the person has the maturity to say *"Forget everything and enjoy this moment."* But I can't expect that from a person. How would they know?


Sam, I've never delivered a project in time. I've always crumbled under pressure. Right now I have in my hands, an opportunity to set my company on course for years comfortably. But I'm panicking. There's anxiety. People know this. And they are trying to be helpful. But they don't understand my thing. I mean... It's always difficult for others to understand us. So that's okay. But I'm not being kind to myself. I need to get this in course. I know it's in me. But my confidence seems lost. There's dread and it's clouding me away from my strength.


I wake up to anxiety induced episodes. The week flies because I'm trying to hunt for the daily scrum. And I'm not looking at the bigger picture. When Friday happens, I feel shitty. When Monday happens I'm anxious. It's a cycle.


All I fucking want is someone to reel me back when I go on a rabbit hole of gloom and episodes of dread. But that's never going to happen because all they see is me. They don't see the inside. They won't know.


Earlier I used to totally break down when I was fighting depression. But the good times between episodes felt good. And I knew the difference. In an effort to fight breakdown, I seem to have entered a plane where I'm permanently anxious and even though I don't breakdown, I don't feel good either. It's a perma-anxiety state.


I don't want to die a failure Sam. I really freaking want to make a difference. I really really want to have that moment where I can laugh around with friends over a dinner. I really really want to enjoy love. I really really want to give back to everyone who put their faith in me... And got disappointed. I'm not a cheater. But I want to prove it. And I need strength for all this. 5 years back I thought I will find the strength in a woman... Maybe, I dreamed, just maybe, I may find someone who'd actually give my mind that peace and I can actually focus. Because I know... If I focus, I can do it. I know I can. But it's not happening. Now, I no longer have the confidence... Nor do I feel that there's a chance. My parents will find me a person but while I struggle to communicate what I'm thinking with my teammates... How am I going to communicate to this new person what my mind is being?


And it's just not happening... The dreams are slowly dying. I'm fighting that. I'm keeping hope alive. But I need confidence. And I've to find that fucking thing in the same place I lost it. The only way I can find that shit is by actually fighting dread and doing something good. Like delivering this damn project on time. Earning that would probably do some good. But it's going to be very very very difficult... Sometimes it feels like I want to think "is it even worth all this...? Being this ambitious, passionate person? So many others have given up dreams and just lived and laughed... Why can't I? " 


But then... All these years would go to waste. And is the something I want? Or perhaps, it's just a bit more and I've hold on? And endure... And I'll get it? How does one even know? Why aren't the ones who got it not telling us? Maybe they never got it? May be they just pretended that there's a reward? How is one supposed to know?


Thank you Sam. Thanks for listening.